Update go-license installation instructions (#898)
aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling: docs/development/attribution-files.md

If trying to generate these files outside of CI and have them match what CI produces, you will need the following:

> 1. `go install github.com/google/go-licenses@latest`

Author: ```suggestion
1. `build/lib/install_go_versions.sh` will install the right go versions and go-licenses for that go version
```
